Update Storage component + add folders implementation to devguide (#128)
AY1920S1-CS2103T-T13-4/main: docs/DeveloperGuide.adoc

[[Design-Storage]]
=== Storage component

> The following diagram illustrates the structure of the UI component:

Reviewer: Oops just noticed this!
```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Storage component:
```

.Structure of the Storage Component
image::StorageClassDiagram.png[]

> *API* : link:{repoURL}/src/main/java/seedu/address/storage/Storage.java[`Storage.java`]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*API* : link:{repoURL}/src/main/java/seedu/mark/storage/Storage.java[`Storage.java`]
```

> The `Storage` component:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Storage` component does the following:
```

> * saves `UserPref` objects in json format and reads them back.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Saves `UserPref` objects in json format and reads them back.
```

> * saves the Mark data in json format and reads it back.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Saves the Mark data in json format and reads it back.
```

> The `Storage` component,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Storage` component:
```

> * can save `UserPref` objects in json format and read it back.

Reviewer: For better parallelism with the other sections?
```suggestion
* saves `UserPref` objects in json format and reads them back.
```

> * can save the Mark data in json format and read it back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* saves the Mark data in json format and reads it back.
```

** Cons: Requires dealing with commands that have already been undone: We must remember to skip these commands. Violates Single Responsibility Principle and Separation of Concerns as `HistoryManager` now needs to do two different things.
// end::undoredo[]

// tag::folders[]
=== Folders feature
==== Implementation

A bookmark can be in a folder, and a folder can be nested within other folders for traditional directory organization.

This mechanism is facilitated mainly by `Folder` and `FolderStructure`.

`Folder` is simply another field in `Bookmark`, just like `Url` or `Name`, and has a single `String` property that contains the folder in which the bookmark is located.

`FolderStructure` represents the hierarchy of folders, containing the folder it represents and its subfolders

.Class Diagram of the Folders component
image::FolderStructureClassDiagram.png[]

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the folder structure behaves at each step.

Step 1. The user launches the application for the first time. The root `FolderStructure` will be initialized with the initial hierarchy in the stored data.

image::FolderStructureState0.png[]

> Step 2. The user executes `folder GER1000 p/Work` command to create a new `FolderStructure` in the subfolders of `work`. Starting from the `root`, a depth first search will be performed to locate `work`. When found, `ger1000` will be added to its subfolders.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Step 2. The user enters a `folder GER1000 p/Work` command to create a new `FolderStructure` in the subfolders of `work`. Starting from the `root`, a depth first search will be performed to locate `work`. When found, `ger1000` will be added to its subfolders.
```
I thought execute may seem like the user is doing everything instead of Mark, but up to you

image::FolderStructureState1.png[]

[NOTE]
If the parent folder is not provided, the parent folder will default to `root`.

> The following sequence diagram shows how in more detail how the execution of `folder GER1000 p/Work` works:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following sequence diagram shows in more detail how the execution of `folder GER1000 p/Work` works:
```

image::FolderSequenceDiagram.png[]

NOTE: The lifeline for `AddFolderCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.

Finally, the user sees his folder added successfully in the folder hierarchy.

==== Design Considerations

> 

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure if we should off some kind of preface for the alternatives though
```suggestion
The following are a few design considerations made in deciding how to implement the folders feature:
```

** Cons: Requires dealing with commands that have already been undone: We must remember to skip these commands. Violates Single Responsibility Principle and Separation of Concerns as `HistoryManager` now needs to do two different things.
// end::undoredo[]

// tag::folders[]
=== Folders feature
==== Implementation

A bookmark can be in a folder, and a folder can be nested within other folders for traditional directory organization.

This mechanism is facilitated mainly by `Folder` and `FolderStructure`.

> `Folder` is simply another field on `Bookmark`, just like `Url` or `Name`, and has a single `String` property that contains the folder the bookmark is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Folder` is simply another field in `Bookmark`, just like `Url` or `Name`, and has a single `String` property that contains the folder in which the bookmark is located.
```

`FolderStructure` represents the hierarchy of folders, containing the folder it represents and its subfolders

.Class Diagram of the Folders component
image::FolderStructureClassDiagram.png[]

Given below is an example usage scenario and how the folder structure behaves at each step.

Step 1. The user launches the application for the first time. The root `FolderStructure` will be initialized with the initial hierarchy in the stored data.

image::FolderStructureState0.png[]

Step 2. The user executes `folder GER1000 p/Work` command to create a new `FolderStructure` in the subfolders of `work`. Starting from the `root`, a depth first search will be performed to locate `work`. When found, `ger1000` will be added to its subfolders.

image::FolderStructureState1.png[]

[NOTE]
If the parent folder is not provided, the parent folder will default to `root`.

The following sequence diagram shows how the folder operation works:

image::FolderSequenceDiagram.png[]

NOTE: The lifeline for `AddFolderCommand` should end at the destroy marker (X) but due to a limitation of PlantUML, the lifeline reaches the end of diagram.

> Finally, the user sees his folder added successfully in the folder hierarchy.

Reviewer: Hm does this already happen at the end of Step 2?

Author: Haha the sequence diagram is part of step 2 also!

Reviewer: Ah okay... I thought it was a "summary" of the feature because step 1 was only one paragraph long. 😅

> The following activity diagram summarizes what happens when a user executes a new command:

Reviewer: Is this missing diagram a case of not-done-yet, or forgot-to-include? Haha if it's the former, maybe can add a comment about what it's meant to be?

Author: Nah there's no activity diagram, it's kind of a linear thing unlike the overarching undo/redo

==== Design Considerations

===== Aspect: How the folder hierarchy is saved into storage.

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Saves bookmark folder as its own field, and the hierarchy as a separate data structure.
** Pros: Easy to implement
** Cons: Easy for model to get into invalid state (e.g. bookmark has a folder that is not in the hierarchy)
* **Alternative 2:** Change the bookmarks from being stored in a list to being stored as a hierarchy
** Pros: Single source of truth, its folder is simply where it's located

> ** Cons: The whole `BookmarkList` abstraction will have to be rerwritten

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Cons: The whole `BookmarkList` abstraction will have to be rewritten
```
